+++
title="Glynn Forrest"
position="Percussion"
type="members"
+++

Glynn Forrest is a freelance percussionist based in Glasgow and recently completed a Master of Music degree at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland. He is a keen chamber musician and particularly enjoys the unique challenges that contemporary music offers to the modern day percussionist. Recent projects have seen him working with Rednote ensemble, the Pavel Haas Quartet and Auricle ensemble. He has also performed as a soloist in many situations, performing Rory Boyle's marimba concerto with the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra in February 2011 as part of the RCS / BBC SSO concerto masterclass. In February 2013 he performed a duo marimba recital with Calum Huggan as part of Glasgow University's lunchtime series, and a solo percussion / electronics recital with Edit Point as part of Glasgow City Halls 'Sound lab' series. In March 2013 he performed Gareth Wood's Percussion Concerto with the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland Wind Orchestra. Aside from orchestral, chamber music and solo performance, recent theatre credits have included Hello Dolly (Pitlochry Festival Theatre), Hansel and Gretel (ON Fife) and How Keanu Reeves Saved the World (Pony Pie).

While at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland his main focus of study was orchestral percussion,studying under Kurt-Hans Goedicke and John Poulter. He also received regular tuition from New York Philharmonic principal percussionist Chris Lamb, international marimba artist Eric Sammut and widely regarded session musician Dave Hassell. During his studies he was the winner of orchestral apprenticeships with the Royal Scottish National Orchestra, BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra and Orchestra of the Scottish Opera, which resulted in professional work with the Royal Scottish National Orchestra and Scottish Opera that he continues to enjoy.
