+++
title="Sinae Lee"
position="Piano"
type="members"
+++

South Korean-born Sinae Lee leads a busy life as a soloist, chamber musician and lecturer based in Glasgow, UK. Since her UK début with the Royal Scottish National Orchestra (RSNO), playing Brahms Piano Concerto No.1, she has also played with the Korean Symphony Orchestra, St. James Orchestra, Glasgow Orchestral Society, Royal Conservatoire of Scotland (RCS) Wind Emsemble and RCS Orchestra. She has frequently appeared in concerts in New York, St. Petersburg, Riga, London, Edinburgh and Glasgow as well as in her native cities in Korea such as Seoul, Suwon and Busan.

In Korea, she studied piano at Yewon School and Seoul Arts High School. After graduating Seoul National University with Distinction, Sinae was offered a place to study at the RCS with a full scholarship awarded by the Inches Carr Trust. A year later she obtained MMus with Distinction at the RCS. While studying in Seoul, she won many prestigious prizes, such as the Chung-Ang Daily Newspaper competition, and the Korean Music Association for Overseas competitors. Her prizewinning career had continued in UK where she won the London Intercollegiate Beethoven competition as well as numerous RCS Prizes including A.Ramsay-Calder Debussy Prize, Bach Prize, Governors' Recital Prize, Concerto Competition Prize, Ian D.Watt Award and the Dunbar-Geber Prize.

In 2006, Sinae recorded Karol Szymanowski's complete piano works on 4 CDs, released by Divine Art Record Company. These recordings mark the first complete CD set in the world containing the late published Prelude in C sharp minor. This recording of Szymanowski's entire output in this genre is her début recording and has received highly acclaimed reviews from Gramophone (Recommended Recording), BBC Music Magazine (Benchmark Recording), MusicWeb International (Recording of the Month, November 2006), Pianist Magazine (Recommended Recording), All Music Guide (Classical Editors' Best of the Year2007) and Res Musica. Some of the pieces from her Szymanowski CDs have been broadcasted on BBC Radio 3, Radio New Zealand and Busan KBS TV.

Between June and July 2011, Sinae performed the entire series of the Annéesde pèlerinage by Liszt in UK and in Korea, celebrating the 200 anniversary of his birth.The studio recording of this repertoire were released by NimbusAlliance in July 2012 and has received rave reviews from The Classical Reviewer (Best of 2012) and MusicWeb International (Recording of the Month, April 2014). As a keen collaborator, she has been involved in world premiering works for solo piano as well as for ensemble by composers including Marek Pasieczny, Gordon McPherson, Rory Boyle, Vera Stanojevic, Alasdair Spratt, Jay Copperauld and James Wilson.

Sinae also has been in demand for prize adjudications. Recent adjudications include Yamaha Music Foundation of Europe Piano Scholarships at the Royal Northern College of Music (RNCM), A Ramsay-Calder Debussy Prize, Walcer Prize, Peter Lindsay Miller Prize for Piano Duo and Beethoven Prize for Junior Conservatoire at the RCS. Sinae studied piano with Hwa-Young Yi, Hyoung-Joon Chang in Korea and Philip Jenkins in UK. Since 2001, Sinae has been teaching piano as a Lecturer in the department of Keyboard and Collaborative Piano at the RCS.
